I'm always thinking about that sushi
restaurant reference like the conveyor
belt where you put different content in
front of your audience and then you just
let them choose. You engage with
whatever content you engage. If you
engage with social proof, it's fine. If
you engage with like thought leadership
content, that's fine, too. Ultimately,
when it comes to retargeting, we just
want to make sure we stay top of mind
and be there whenever you're ready to
buy. Cuz uh fundamentally, the problem
with like over-orchestrating retargeting
is you are assuming you're going to be
right every single time. If somebody
watches this ad, I'm assuming number one
that that ad is good enough, right? And
consuming that ad means they're ready
for the second ad. And then if they
consume the second ad, now they're ready
for the third ad, right? So, you have to
be right the first time, you have to be
right the second time, and you have to
be right the third time. And then in
practice, what that means is every
following step gets dramatically smaller
in terms of the audience size.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode five of
Performance Therapy. Gonzalo, this is
going to be a fun one. We are talking
about the retargeting trap. Why you are
annoying people and not nurturing.
So, you know, retargeting, this is one
of the things that everyone knows they
need to do, but few know how to actually
do it.
So, I think this is going to be a really
good one because often times like when
you ask any person that has found
success with running ads
and then you're like, "Oh, where should
I start?"
Most of the time, everybody's like, "You
should do retargeting, right?"
>> Yeah. And then people try it and then
they're just like, "Oh, wait a second,
this is actually not working, right?" Or
maybe there's a perception thing, but
you know, we can kind of Yeah, it's a
low-hanging fruit, for sure.
So, when it comes to retargeting, like
you know, you see like these crazy
flowcharts, right? Like if you're on
LinkedIn, it's like you click this and
then you go here and then when they do
this, you do this and then this and this
and if they're this type of person, you
do You know what I mean? It's like it
looks insane in terms of the
orchestration of
how you retarget.
So, I'm curious from your perspective
what does good retargeting actually look
like?
I'm always thinking about that sushi
restaurant reference like the conveyor
belt. I think that's how it's
pronounced. Yeah, the conveyor belt.
>> Where you put different content in front
of your audience and then you just let
them choose. Like of course you still
need to to drive whatever outcome you're
looking for. If you're drive We're
looking to drive meetings, demos,
whatever, you still need to prioritize
that stuff.
But ultimately, you need to put other
content in front of them. Otherwise, to
your point and the topic of this
episode, you're just being annoying.
So, put different content in front of
these people. They will engage some
folks who resonate best with social
proof and others will resonate best with
other content. But ultimately, you're
not
forcing people to consume Oh, you have
to
until you engage with social proof,
you're not seeing anything else.
Cuz maybe
that's not what they need. And yeah,
that's that's why I always think about
ever since I heard this reference a few
years ago. And it's stuck with me
because it shouldn't have to be that
difficult, right?
You You engage with whatever content you
engage. If you engage with social proof,
it's fine. If you engage with like
thought leadership content and we can
get into that, that's fine, too.
Ultimately, when it comes to
retargeting, we just want to make sure
we stay top of mind and be there
whenever you're ready to buy. When
you're ready to raise your hand, we're
we're showing up on your feed and we'll
do it for you. The way the way I'm
translating what you're saying is great
retargeting looks like giving people
options
and consistently showing up.
Yeah, that's how they That's how you
stay top of mind, right? And there's all
all these discussion on LinkedIn. Not to
get off topic, but around
that this study where when it comes to
buying a product, people already start
their investigation process, their
discovery process with two or three
brand brands in their short list. So, if
you don't stay top of mind, you won't
make that short list. If you don't make
that short list, they're not buying from
you, right? They'll buy from your
competitors. So, and again, if you're
annoying, you also won't make that short
list. Yeah.
>> So, that's
that's why that's why we're retargeting
matters, but you also need to to do it
well. And by do it well, to your point,
it doesn't have to be complex, in my
opinion.
You just have to be there and make sure
you have You're making the most out of
each touchpoint with with your audience.
So, are you saying I don't need to have
like uh a complicated sequence in place
where if somebody watches my video, then
they get this ad and then if they see
the the the second ad, then they get the
third ad? Are you Are you saying not to
do that? Uh from my experience, no. I
mean
as far as I know, none of our clients
are doing it and they're seeing success,
right? Yeah. And and I've tried that in
the past and I thought like, "Oh, I'm
the smartest person in the world.
Like I got it." I'm going to I It's like
such a crazy frame, you know? It's like,
"Yeah, you're like a a puppet master,
you know?" And you're like, "You will go
here." And then cuz fundamentally, the
problem with like over-orchestrating
retargeting is you are assuming you're
going to be right every single time. I
don't know about you, but I'm not right
very often, you know? This is something
my my girlfriend always reminds me of
and she's right. I'm not right very
often, right? And the few times that I
am right, you know, it's great and I
make sure that I, you know, call it out.
But essentially, with retargeting, when
you do this orchestration, you are
saying, "Hey, if somebody watches this
ad, I'm assuming number one that that ad
is good enough, right? And that that
mean that ad and consuming that ad means
they're ready for the second ad. And
then if they consume the second ad, now
they're ready for the third ad, right?
So, you have to be right the first time,
you have to be right the second time,
and you have to be right the third time.
And then in practice, every to actually
create this orchestration, what that
means is every following step gets
diminishing gets dramatically smaller in
terms of the audience size. So, for
example, maybe you start with like
50,000 and then from 50,000, you go to
30,000, all right? And then And I'm
being I'm being
I'm being gracious here. It's more like
50,000, 10,000, you know what I mean?
And then 3,000 or not even that, right?
So, it just gets expensive, right? And
it's just fundamentally off of a premise
of like you being right that often,
which is really hard. You know, and I
think it comes from e-commerce because
with e-commerce, things are more linear,
right? They went to my pricing page,
etc. Now I'm going to do this, right?
Etc. It's It's a little bit more. But
with B2B
where you're dealing with 6-to-12-month
sales cycles, you know, and that's on
the generous side. People deal with
24-plus sales cycles depending on
certain industries.
It gets even more complicated than that.
So, hopefully for everyone listening,
like it doesn't need to be that
complicated. You don't need this
over-orchestration. What you need to do
is you need to give people options and
you need to stay in front of them. So,
let's just unpack that a bit of like
structurally speaking, what does that
look like in terms of
how do I think about my retargeting
strategy in terms of those different,
you know, structures and cohorts?
Yeah. So, the way we usually build it
for our clients is we have different
content themes. Where you have social
proof, where you have product marketing.
So, by product marketing, I mean social
proof is pretty self-explanatory, right?
Testimonials, quotes. But with product
marketing, it's mostly
uh showcasing the features of your
product and that's where some brands get
it wrong, right? Uh but the easiest way
to do it is like if you have uh
small clips from your product in action,
clips from product demos, you can use
that so folks can actually tie the dots
together and
once they are in your retargeting web,
they start seeing how your product
actually works. Like it's not just so
much sharing
what do you do? It's more showing how
you do it, right? And that's where that
big piece can help tie the dots
together. And then you have thought
leadership. Like those cool reports,
those cool uh calculators that can help
your prospects make educated decisions
or get more educated on a topic. That's
There's also a place for that, but
ultimately, that helps
build your credibility as well and
position you as a as a brand that knows
what you're talking about. These guys
are experts. These guys can help me. If
they're giving all this content,
educating me, and I'm sure they're I
mean, again, maybe I won't convert from
you just because I liked your content,
but when it's time to think about
options that and your company can solve
it, I might consider you because, "Oh, I
actually
got a a relation with them." Like I I I
like their content. They're they're
delivering all this cool content for
free and
that's
that's ultimately the goal. But then
there's also a place to have like the
the usually called demo campaigns where
yes,
putting letting people decide what they
want to engage with awesome, but you
still need to pay the bills. So, that's
where the demo campaigns come in. Like
you're still going to get end raisers,
people that see one ad, they go to your
website once and they book a demo
because maybe they did the research on
ChatGPT or whatever LLMs. But
there's others that need that
continuously nurture. Yeah. So, that's
why we like to have these four buckets,
these four themes.
And I'm sure there's others. Like one
that we don't explore much, but having a
theme just for competitive campaigns.
Where you know your prospects will
compare you. That's true. Like that's
why most of the brands have competitive
pages on their website. So, why not
build your narrative? Like, "Okay, I
know if Silviu is interested in my
product, I know Silviu will be putting
like alternatives to Gonzalo's
solution." So, if I know these are my
core competitors, let me put content in
front of Silviu that already makes the
case as to, "Okay, these guys aren't
bad. I'm just better or I'm a better
option for you, right?"
>> Yeah. So, there are different nuances.
This isn't a rule. Don't Don't take it
like that, of course, if you're watching
this, but it's like how you approach it
and the ultimate goal is to continuously
nurture your folks. And a good way to
think about it, in my in my opinion, is
think of it as a retargeting audience as
a
email email list, sorry. So, at the end
of the day it's still an email list in
the way that okay, these folks are
getting content from you. The difference
is first of all, you don't need to wait
for it to go to spam or not. With spam
in this case maybe being that they don't
even watch it. They just ignore it.
>> But, it's like you you guarantee that
delivery, right? And you're always
saying that stuff. So, that's I know
this is a lot, but that's how at least
myself and internally we like to to
unpack things. So, like taking taking a
step back just to unpack it. So,
basically what you're saying is going
back to the the central theme of like we
want to avoid or over orchestration,
right? Assuming all of this different
stuff of oh, if they do this, they do
that, etc.
>> with that that stuff, that complex stuff
always makes sense in theory. That's the
problem. In theory, it always makes
sense.
>> Yeah, but this is this is like this is
the difference between like expertise,
right? And it's like it's like street
smart versus book smart. Yeah.
>> And all book smart is like over
orchestration, do this, do that, da da
da da da, right? And it's like it's like
imagine you have to go from like one
side of the one end of the sidewalk
and you have to cross the street. So,
you're like on one side of the sidewalk
and you need to cross the other side of
the sidewalk. It's like
a a book smart person would be like
measuring the distance from one sidewalk
to the other and this and that and that,
you know what I mean? And
they'll be like oh, well we're going to
get a well if we get a skateboard, it'll
get us there that much faster and you
know, all this stuff. And then the
street smart person is like
I just got to look to the left and
right, make sure there's no cars in the
way so I don't get killed. Yeah. And
I'll just take you know, a few steps.
Mhm. It's like the difference between
like theory and experience. But, coming
back to
content cuz this is such a big piece,
right? Of success. And that way you're
giving them options that they want to
contribute with, right? And like
actually nurture not annoy them. We've
got product marketing content. Like you
said, this is content that educates
people on the problems you solve and
shows I love that you emphasized not
what you solve, how you solve
>> That is so important. The amount of
companies that are not showing how their
product actually works. I I'm calling
you all out right now. Like you're not
using videos.
>> Getting cancelled.
>> Like video is so powerful for product
marketing content. Like show me your
app. If it's so good, I want to see the
home screen. I want to see the
integrations page. I want to you know
what I mean? All this stuff. And in
terms of like finding great inspiration
for product marketing content, what are
those things that your sales people show
on the demo to prospects where they get
excited?
>> The wow moments.
>> Yeah, those like holy crap moments that
they're just like what? You can do that?
Whatever that is. Those different
features and it could be as simple as
like you can bulk upload your QuickBooks
transactions, you know, in like two
clicks. I don't know.
Simple as that. Yeah. And that could be
the difference of like somebody saying
like oh, I'm going to sign up for this,
right? Or could be as simple of like we
support this integration. Because if you
know when people see that you have that
integration, they're like oh my
goodness, this is amazing, right? Like
we've been doing like studies right now
like looking for like creative research
tools, right?
And none of them have like great
LinkedIn integrations.
>> It's always on the road map.
>> It's always on the road map, you know?
But like man, if they had a great
LinkedIn integration, we would be like
oh, I'm buying that, you know? So, oh I
feel like I'm going to get pitched after
this now.
You can cut it. Yeah, but so you have
product marketing content. The next
thing is social proof, right? You said
this is like other people's other people
lending you their credibility, right?
Other people saying like hey, this
worked, here was my experience. That
comes in the form of case studies,
testimonials. Those are the most common
ones.
Then you have thought leadership
content. This is content framing you and
your brand as the authority around
solving those problems. So, this is like
what you said where you've got like
you know, studies, you've got like
reports, etc. Things where you can like
this podcast is thought leadership
content, right? We're talking about pain
points that our ICP struggles with,
right? This is thought leadership
content. And then what you're going to
do is you're going to use all of these
different content, right? And you're
going to push it to the user. And you're
going to let the user decide what do
they want to engage with more? And the
one thing I want to stress here is we
want to further retarget based on action
and not assumption. So, meaning I chose,
not because you forced me, but I chose
to click on your product marketing ad
and watch, you know, this walk through
video, right? Or this on demand video,
whatever it is.
Now, you can start to make some
assumptions. Ah,
they went to my pricing page. They went
to my case study page. They checked this
thing out. Now, what I can do is I can
spin up another campaign which is just
going to focus on retargeting people
based on those high intent actions.
So, now it makes sense for me to create
an ad for example, that says hey, on the
fence?
Right? Is pricing holding you back?
Here's why you know, and then you
promote a relevant thing that can help
overcome that objection. And now it's no
longer like an assumption of like oh, I
think they're ready for a demo or blah
blah blah blah blah. It's you know,
you're still making assumptions to a
point, but at least it's grounded in
some sort of reality, right? Like what
you're doing here, not to get too meta,
is you're creating intent signals.
These people are performing actions and
then based on those actions, you're
getting these signals and then through
those signals, you're reacting
accordingly, right? You're spinning off
new campaigns. This could obviously go
out with like outbound. This could be
part of an outbound sequence, etc. But,
that's the fundamental premise. So, like
the newsletter retargeting strategy,
like how you framed it, that's often
like what we use internally and like how
we explain it to clients is like
we are trying to build a newsletter.
And everyone on your retargeting list is
part of this newsletter. The only
difference between this and an actual
newsletter is they didn't consent to be
on the list.
>> Mhm. Which makes it even more important
of like how are you setting up this
newsletter, right? Because you're going
to piss them off much faster. At least
with the newsletter, they'll get pissed
off, but they consented, you know? They
can unsubscribe at any time. With
retargeting, they can't unsubscribe,
right? So, you've got their attention
and not to like get too into this, but
arguably a retargeting audience in some
cases could be more valuable. I'm not
saying don't have a newsletter. I'm just
saying imagine like with a newsletter,
you get a good open rate, 20%, 30%.
Retargeting,
I'm going to get you with my ad. You
know what I mean? Especially if the list
is small and I have the budget for it,
right? So, you can you can show up with
that frequency. Um let's talk really
quick about the the actual tacticianal
side of it, like the the tactics of like
the structure. So, for example, like we
usually like the how do you cluster
segments together? How should people be
thinking about like oh, should I use a
website visits versus image engagement
versus video views? Like kind of walk me
through like the
your brain on that piece of like how do
you actually put this system in place?
Yeah, to be honest right now,
the I used to be more worried about
splitting it out, especially on Meta,
not so much on LinkedIn because on
LinkedIn you actually have minimums or
higher minimum daily budgets. But, I
just
group them based on time range. So, if
we're building I don't know, like
website visitors in the past 30 days, ad
engagements in the past 30 days, video
views in the past 30 days, all together
and that's a way to to cluster that.
But,
the way I would set it up before was
okay, let's have a campaign for 30 days,
a campaign for 90 days and on the 90
days I exclude the 30 days, right? Then
180 days and exclude all the others. So,
you have them all these different
cohorts.
But,
unless you have the data to back it up,
a more streamlined way can be to put
everything in one bucket. And again,
you're not assuming anything. You're
based on action. Also too because one
thing that and it amazes me that on I
don't know, like five episodes so far or
four, we haven't spoke about it. It's
like you might risk it even though
you're targeting after a list of
targeting a list of accounts and now
you're retargeting those folks, half of
them might have closed a deal with your
competitor in the past 30 days. So, they
won't buy from you in the next
11 months maybe. And they will still
continue seeing your ads. So, the fact
that you're grouping them by 30 days, 90
days, 180 days, in some cases might help
and it works for some. But, for others
it's just unnecessary complexity from my
point of view at least and from what
I've seen. Again, there are some use
cases I'm I'm I'm there's this client
that comes to mind where they have it
broken out specifically.
But,
um when it comes to content, when
content when it like there's offer and
there's content, right? Offer being in
this case like the demo from what we're
speaking and content social proof,
product marketing, thought leadership.
I'm not too concerned with grouping.
Maybe with the offer in that case maybe
because I mean, and sometimes there's
data to show that it do you have a
greater likelihood of be requesting a
demo if you're showing that intent on
the website or engaging with the ads in
the more recent period. But, in regards
to content, I'm not too worried about it
to be honest. I don't know if you've had
that experience or if you've been break
not not so much nowadays, right? But,
before if you've worried too much about
breaking it down.
Um Yeah, but
for me, it's
it first comes down to how long is the
pixel been installed on their website
and how long has the ad account been
active and how much activity are they
doing? So, if they're like a new
startup, you know, new to ads, they're
just getting going.
For you to create a 30 90 180 day
cohort, you know, it's just not
practical. Like they don't have the
volume. So, in that case we'll just
usually default to like 90 days and just
build all of those segments based on the
90 day time frame and just throw all of
the different themes of content and let
them decide what they interact with and
then just retarget based on intent. And
that's kind of the the gist of it.
However, if they have a much greater
size, then there could be some value in
the the cohorts. And the way you can see
that manifest is in terms of your
conversion rates.
So, like you'll see
oh, my my 90-day actually converts
better
than my
180-day, right? But often sometimes,
too, you'll see your 90 does better than
your 30. Yeah. You know, so this is like
where
>> And now, what are you doing? You're
pausing the 30?
>> Yeah, you exactly. So, this is like
where when I think about creating these
cohorts,
it's not just about conversion rates.
What I'm really trying to do is is it
goes down to like the experience. That
newsletter, right, that I'm building.
So, for context, like if somebody
came in for the first time, right, and
they're my 30-day cohort,
in my 30-day cohort, this is where I
really want to focus on social proof and
product marketing content. Not thought
leadership. I first want to make sure
that it's very clear that we solve your
problem, and you know how we help solve
it.
Like that is the first fundamental
thing, and that's also a trap people
fall into. Is they over index on thought
leadership content. Where people fall in
love with your brand, but they don't
know what you actually do.
Which is also a trap. Yeah. So, first
I'm like, okay, let's get you in and get
you well educated on like that we can
solve your problem in this area, right?
And also not just we're saying it, and
we're showing you how we do it, but
you're hearing from other people how
awesome we are.
Then from there, we you graduate into 90
days, which to your point, how you do
that is in exclusions. I exclude 90 and
180. So, it's just the fresh 30.
Then they go into the 90 tech segment,
and in the 90-day segment, now I'm
saying, okay, welcome. Now, what we're
going to do is we're going to continue
to show product marketing and social
proof, but we're going to add another
thing into the mix now, which is thought
leadership. Right? Cuz by this point,
maybe you're tired of just only hearing
about the product, right? And I want to
just introduce another variable. And
then in here as well, what I'll also
introduce is that fourth campaign, which
we call it like an offer bouncer
campaign, or
in an e-commerce analogy is like an
abandoned cart campaign, where like it's
a campaign just retargeting people based
on like those super high intent actions
that they did. So, for example,
like pro tip for everyone, easy way to
drive some ROI from retargeting is just
create an audience of anyone that came
to your website from your Google ad
campaigns, and retarget them on
LinkedIn. So, the way you could do it is
you just set up a website visit segment
of like UTM source is Google, medium is,
you know, CPC, whatever that is for you.
>> Seeing that work on Meta, too, by the
way. Yeah, and now you can And the same
thing with Meta, now you can retarget
LinkedIn cuz you could just use your
UTMs for LinkedIn, and now you can tap
into another audience.
But
then 180 days, it's basically the same
thing, but just over 180 period, you
know, but it's more more focused on
thought leadership, less on the other
other three.
And it can work really well in terms of
sequencing and creating that story, but
for most brands, if they're like
resource starved, they're like, you
know, cuz all of this complexity means
more ads, Yeah. more design, more
audiences, etc., then the easiest way to
default is just that 90-day cluster. And
now you like you said, you give them all
the options, they decide what they want
to interact with, and then based on what
they're responding with, you you show
them more, right? And one other thing
that I I want to highlight as well
is when you are doing this this this
segment here,
is be very, very mindful about how
people got in there in the first place.
So, one common trap that I see folks
fall into is they'll
they'll have a system like this,
and they'll be like, hey, my offer
campaigns on retargeting are not
converting.
The performance is down.
And then, you know, you obviously like
will default to the ad, where you're
like, okay, you know, is it a
conversation ad or image ad or this or
that, right? And and by and large,
conversation ads perform best for
conversion, right, as an ad format.
But it still doesn't perform well,
right? What do you do now when it's a
conversation ad that's not actually
converting anymore, right? Now you spin
out. You're like, well, what is it?
Right? You're like you look at your
targeting, you're like, well, my
exclusions are good. I don't have like
students in here, interns, blah blah
blah.
Um
my targeting hasn't changed, but my
performance is down.
So, what you have to look at is how are
people getting into it in the first
place.
So, this is where the how they get into
the retargeting ecosystem matters
probably more.
Because for example, like in the
retarget like in your create campaigns,
which is all about building brand
affinity and trust is like the the
equivalent of TOFU,
if you're promoting
I don't know, like somebody that clicks
the ad now goes into my segment, right?
And the thing that they're clicking is
like completely irrelevant. Yeah. You
know, and it's too broad.
>> Now you're just basically feeding all of
this not junk, but
less
um brand aware folk, you know? Less like
Really, what you're trying to do is
you're trying to prime that create
audience as much as you can. So, when
they go into remarketing,
you prime them further, right? And and
you can eventually get them when they're
ready.
So, if you have all this junk, for lack
of a better word, coming in, then of
course that's going to hurt your
conversion rate. So, that's a I think a
really important one to call out for
people.
100% And then you see that happen a lot
with thought leader ads.
Maybe not so much recently. At least I
haven't seen it as much as in the past
few months. Maybe because it's not like
a new thing anymore.
But where brands like brands struggled
to find a thought leader for a set of
company. So, when they do find it,
though, let's just boost it because
these folks are speaking they're
speaking about it like let's just boost
thought leader ads. It's cheap, cheap
engagement, feeds in well with our
strategy, and fills our retargeting
audiences, but then the content of the
thought leader,
even though it it's kind of related, not
sometimes not so much, and you're
spending budget there, you're burning
burning budget essentially.
And then to your point, it just messes
your retargeting audience because these
folks are engaging with thing, and then
they start seeing ads from another
thing. And it's not like they will
convert, and you're driving bad leads
because if they they are irrelevant,
maybe they won't convert anyway, but
you're wasting impressions on those
folks.
And what you were saying in
earlier or in any other episodes, like
the the
the narrower your audience, the more
expensive your delivery is. And when it
comes to retargeting, if you're
increasing audience but with junk,
you're you're just wasting budget there.
So,
>> a catch-22. And another thing, too, that
I'm seeing a lot of folks fall into in
the trap around thought leader ads and
and to your to your detriment is like
they they mistake thought leader ads as
a strategy when it's an ad format.
They're you know, they're like, oh, this
is it goes back to like FOMO, which we
talked about in an earlier episode.
They're like, oh, we got to jump on this
thing, and you know, you should for sure
there's opportunity.
But again, it's not what you do, it's
how you do it. So, it's like
the having those content themes is
helpful because if you know, I'm going
to do product marketing, social proof,
thought leadership, and then I'm going
to have a direct response offer
campaign, right?
It's helpful because now you know, okay,
I need content for product marketing.
What is product marketing? It's all
about educating people on the problems
we solve and showing them how we do it.
So, now you have that frame, and then
even more important, you have budget,
right? Where you're like, okay, this is
how much budget I have for this.
But now that you have that frame, now
you can get creative, which is the fun
part about marketing. So, you can say,
oh, I'm going to use a thought leader ad
from so-and-so
that's showcasing a really cool feature
we have.
Great. Now you're taking that thought
leader ad, and you're pushing it in
product marketing. Now it makes sense.
Yeah. And what you're not doing is
you're not what you're outlining is like
our CEO posted today.
Boost it. Boost it. And you're like,
well, where does it fit in our
narrative, you know? And and that's
that's really, really important for
people. Mhm. Yeah, 100% And the same
applies to social proof. It's really
underutilized.
Where if you have customers calling out
and giving kudos to your product, that's
a cool one for social proof because
folks are more likely to engage with a a
thought leader ad than they are with an
image ad that comes from a company.
Also, too, because it makes it easier
for them to reach out. And the problem
with image ads, and when you're using
quotes, especially if you're pulling
those from G2 or any other review sites,
is maybe the person that gave that quote
no longer works at the company. And now
it's like, okay, but it's performing,
will I cut it? Maybe not. Yeah. So, for
sure. And another piece, too, when
you're saying about thought leader ads
not being a tactic,
it's where if you remember when there
were no thought leader ads, what brands
would do is they would take a screenshot
of a LinkedIn post. Yeah. And they would
run it on an image ad. So, that's it
just fits in well with what you're
saying and makes your point even
stronger where it's not like a it's not
a tactic, it's an ad format. It's a
means to an end. Yeah. And people most
of the companies will use it for top of
the funnel, but it can
for sure fit in well with retargeting.
We actually have a client doing it to
drive demos. I don't think they have
seen much success, but they're trying.
Yeah.
>> Because people are more likely to buy
from people. So, if that person is
known, like the CEO, the CMO, or
whatever the case might be. In their
case, they're targeting marketers, so
the CMO is the presence is even
stronger. Yeah. They're more likely to
book a demo. So, I mean, I don't think
it is working for them. They haven't
spent much the last time I checked, but
they're trying. So, they're not just
sticking with thought leader ads for top
of the funnel like
80% 70% of the other brands are.
So, Yeah. One thing to close on here is
the importance of retargeting size.
So, the reason why we're we're
recommending for you guys to use
multiple segments, what the trap you
don't want to fall under is where you're
just using website visitors.
And you're just relying on that, or
you're just using LinkedIn company page
visits, and you're just relying on that.
What you want to do is you want to use
all of them or as many as relevant as
possible
in the same time frame,
put them together in one super audience,
because maybe that website visitors is
like only 1,000 people,
but now that you cluster all this other
stuff together, now you scaled your
retargeting from 1,000 to 50,000 people.
And now because you've scaled it, now
you have more flexibility where now you
can layer like job functions on top or
seniorities or different things like
this where now your retargeting can
become you can go inside the pockets
of the most valuable people who happen
to interact with your brand online which
that cluster is basically a reflection
of the people who interact with your
brand online in that specified time
frame.
So just wanted to call that out because
it's super important so that you can
actually retargeting because that's the
other trap people fall under is they're
like, "Oh, I'm not getting results from
retargeting." And you look at their
audience size and it's like 500, you
know, just barely above the minimum.
It's like, "Well, you know, it's going
to take you
It is 100%."
>> Cool. Thank you so much everyone. We
went deep on retargeting in this
episode. I hope you enjoyed it and we'll
see you in the next one. Thanks so much
for watching this episode. If today's
combo hit home for you and you want to
go deeper, check out adconversion.com.
You'll find free courses, a killer
advertising community, and if you're
ready to scale, we'd love to work with
you.